# ClargClick
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/M_OTbP_Y-Us
#### Description:
My project is ClargClick a CPS timing game with fun little banana "Clargs" you can unlock with achievements. My game is truly an inspirational piece of art that touches many players' souls. The game cures boredom and has a leveling system with achievements to unlock new cards like the Dr. Clarg and the Business Clarg. Also, there is a secret Clarg hidden on the contact page (REMOVED!). The cool unlockable Clargs have perks like click boosts and click bonuses allowing for more fun and competition. The leaderboard section on the main game page displays the top 5 scores and your score as well if you're not in the top 5. The clarg switcher works well and hides some properties if you don't have access to them. The Clarg claiming thing on the main dashboard page checks the requirement and if successful, unlocks the desired Clarg (this does not include secret Clarg (REMOVED!).

My static folder, because this is a Flask app contains my script files for Ajax and overall website smoothness, CSS files files for looks, the favicon, and my class folder. In my clargs folder, all my Clargs "live" and I also keep my big "?" for the picture of the Clarg when not unlocked. In my templates folder at the root of my project folder, I have my layout HTML and the HTML for the rest of my pages. I heavily used Jinja2 for formatting and logic in my leaderboard system and Clarg selection system(s).

Specifically, in my index.html I grab layout.html (for the nav bar, links, flash, etc.) and have my clarg which is connected to my javascript which uses Ajax to connect to the backend. I use popups as well as Flash for my UX and my leaderboard always shows the top 5 people and is updated every reload; a reload happens at the end of a game. A second important and main-topic file is my dashboard HTML. This file contains a stats page of yourself displaying leaderboard place (even outside the top 5), the amount of Clargs you own, your all-time click total amount (which counts bonus clicks), and the clarg unlocker which is different than the clarg selector. Additionally, on the clarg selection page on my dashboard HTML, some nice CSS-induced, auto-submitting POST method cards are just hidden forms that plug into my backend. I built these cards using loops and if statements in Jinja2 to practice clean and efficient code. Furthermore, on the settings page on my dashboard, HTML I made options to change every aspect of the user's account including but not limited to: the password and profile picture.

I took inspiration from the apology, login, and register HTML in the CS50x Finance problem. However, I did change some aspects to allow for a better UI/UX experience, like in the register you can add a profile picture to your account. Moreover, in my contact HTML, I use an abstract way to send mail to the developer (myself). I use Google Scripts with Jquery to make an API request to myself and send an email from my personal email to my business email with the contents of the contact form sent.

In the root of my project folder lays my app Pyhton (needed for flask applications) file which contains all the backend logic for practically everything. This includes things such as score updating, SQL query management, sessions & cookies, and AJAX connection for pushing front-end data like cps and clicks to the backend. Some SQL queries I have to make are when my program goes through conditionals to check if certain conditions are met to unlock Clargsm, and insertion happens to my database dynamically by checking scores and adjusting the leaderboard which creates a chain effect through the front-end because of my Jinja2 setup. My app.py renders my templates and has automatic refreshing of the leaderboard and personal (your account) data. By using my Helpers Python file (inspired by a Finance problem but stripped down a lot), I am enabled to use functions such as apology logic and the login_required decorator. My clargclick DB file using SQLite3 keeps track of player scores and the users who have signed up. Note that you do not have to be signed up to play ClargClick but you do need to have an account to submit a score/be on the leaderboard. The user's click total is kept in the user's table which is one design choice I decided to make because there is no need for anyone else to know that number.
